# money-management-system
Most applications used for managing your money rely on strict, parallel representations of existing bank accounts. These applications serve the purpose well of telling a user where their money is, but it fails to separate different money purposes. Often, people will open new checking or savings accounts in different banks just to have a separate place to save money for a specific purpose.  Our project entails an application that will allow users to keep track of virtual accounts (money with different purposes) and their allocations on physical accounts (where the money actually is). These relationships are many-to-many: you can have one virtual account whose different parcels might be allocated in many different physical accounts, while one physical account might contain money linked to different virtual accounts.  This project becomes powerful when you consider that physical accounts might also be investments or other types of assets, and that the return coming from these investments' valuation or dividends can be divided proportionally into the virtual accounts that hold participation in those assets.  The idea is inspired by Wise's jar feature, which allows you to keep different money purposes separate within your main Wise account, and Nubank's "Money Boxes," which separates different money purposes in their savings account. Our application expands on this idea by allowing users to set also the physical accounts/investment targets for those money boxes or jars.
